Rephrasing description of agents (#8956)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/pipelines/get-started/key-pipelines-concepts.md

## Agent

> When your build or deployment runs, the system begins one or more jobs. An agent is computing infrastructure that installs and runs software one job at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your build or deployment runs, the system begins one or more jobs. An agent is computing infrastructure with installed agent software that runs one job at a time.
```

Author: Perfect
